asked for by rivellino is obliged to
question the jokes the
Corinthians had no stadium had not
liberators had no world-class and comfortable
you too
I do not think I think we
I think the time has come for the moment is
and the man at the moment eight today you have
a training center advantage and today
will have a wonderful stadium really
there is really no need
there was not so much this need in
first club that was really always
It was a little more up front and today already
it's not so much that it was sao paulo
in my time was always a step
further ahead today I believe that google
is ahead of all and certainly
occurs today in all aspects
is in front did not bother me was not
to train to make an event very happy was
and even trained and played in the
small farm that is our said the valley
I already walked the bible first I want
show us is younger and does not have
more chances in the opening not to mention
of the talent of the category of roberto
rivellino will show images of riva
images of the rival with the
corinthians of course the park boy
atomic
Do you know that I have very little today?
about the game
a lot of people would like to arrive early to
God different things players
is to play with 10 players
it's not because I had a generator from where it is
I can already know how the season
It was so different poison to generate super
already has a natural name the team of
from the aspiring team and was
maintained was to maintain a championship that
also wanted to win the championship is the
there was pressure to put me in 64
that the thigh did not cross a good
time
roberto belangero who was the coach of
top team
He is playing the wheel alley too much
classic, you never called me in the new
cards in pressure that is but is not
time
You may not feel at ease the young man.
then I saw a snap to me most
gave hope it was fantastic for me
It was very important today that I
and does not feel like coming soon the type
I wish I could play more
there you have to respect
There you have the coach, he's the boss.
and he thought that what really
momentum of immigrants' valuation
vat
I was 13 at the time I have in
5664 bomb and maicon of 21 18 years and you
come I want the team holder on top
little I loved the little luiza thumb
example of the rodrigo beard river was to play and
ability you had not met but
unfortunately 105 did not
there was one is to raise player with 16 is not
a useful player sunny sunshine
gogolludo brazil on haiti the cycle
had that thing in the house.
reach the age of 18 in
professionalize had no such thing
very young player is probing how
is today differentiated with the clubs
also last a little longer nowadays.
your club silvino another fast being
and take the boy away without him playing
before Jorge and formerly the great
players on top of the iva then
we expected in a hotel
I'm sorry that the institution did not
You can compare the pelé is from another world, right?
For those who did not see Luis, it's good to be clear.
as the greatest player in the history of
world cup players put
difficult time of the Corinthians that
still discuss there is a discussion if he
was the best he is without a doubt among the
23 best in corinthians history
were drinking